Table.FromList: include example with identity splitter (#136)
MicrosoftDocs/query-docs: query-languages/m/table-fromlist.md

  
## About

Converts a list, `list` into a table by applying the optional [splitting function](splitter-functions.md), `splitter`, to each item in the list. By default, the list is assumed to be a list of text values that is split by commas. Optional `columns` may be the number of columns, a list of columns or a TableType. Optional `default` and `extraValues` may also be specified.

## Example 1

> Create a table from a list containing letters and words separated by a comma. The table will have "Letter" and "Example Word" as column names.

Reviewer: I usually try to avoid re-describing the example in too much detail.

```suggestion
Create a table from a list using the default splitter.
```

**Usage**

```powerquery-m
Table.FromList({"a,apple", "b,ball", "c,cookie", "d,door"}, null, {"Letter", "Example Word"})
```

**Output**

```powerquery-m
Table.FromRecords({
    [Letter = "a", "Example Word" = "apple"],
    [Letter = "b", "Example Word" = "ball"],
    [Letter = "c", "Example Word" = "cookie"],
    [Letter = "d", "Example Word" = "door"]
})
```

## Example 2

> Create a table with a single column from a List, using a custom splitter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create a table from a list using a custom splitter.
```

**Usage**

```powerquery-m
Table.FromList({"a,apple", "b,ball", "c,cookie", "d,door"}, Splitter.SplitByNothing(), {"Letter and Example Word"})
```

**Output**

```powerquery-m
Table.FromRecords({
    ["Letter and Example Word" = "a,apple"],
    ["Letter and Example Word" = "b,ball"],
    ["Letter and Example Word" = "c,cookie"],
    ["Letter and Example Word" = "d,door"]
})
```

## Example 3

> Create a table from the list using the [Record.FieldValues](record-fieldvalues.md) splitter with the resulting table having "CustomerID" and "Name" as column names.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create a table from a list using the [Record.FieldValues](record-fieldvalues.md) splitter.
```

    [CustomerID = 2, Name = "Jim"]
})
```

> ## Example 3

Reviewer: Thanks for suggesting this.

What if instead of the current example sequence, the first two examples showed the effect of different splitting options, and the third example was the Record.FieldValues one?

The first example could be:
Table.FromList({"a,apple", "b,ball", "c,cookie", "d,door"}, null, {"Letter", "Example Word"})

And the second could be:
Table.FromList({"a,apple", "b,ball", "c,cookie", "d,door"}, Splitter.SplitByNothing(), {"Letter and Example Word"})

Author: Thanks for the review. I applied the changes you suggested. I also added a link to the splitter functions.
